Bug 1861318 - [logging role] cannot setup machine with tls (#168)
linux-system-roles/logging: README.md

  **available options**
  - `udp_ports`: List of UDP port numbers to listen. If set, the `remote` input listens on the UDP ports. No defaults. If both `udp_ports` and `tcp_ports` are set in an `remote` input item, `udp_ports` is used and `tcp_ports`is dropped.
  - `tcp_ports`: List of TCP port numbers to listen. If set, the `remote` input listens on the TCP ports. Default to `[514]`. If both `udp_ports` and `tcp_ports` are set in an `remote` input item, `udp_ports` is used and `tcp_ports`is dropped. If both `udp_ports` and `tcp_ports` are not set in an `remote` input item, `tcp_ports: [514]` is added to the item.
  - `tls`: Set to `true` to encrypt the connection using the default TLS implementation used by the provider. Default to `false`.
  - `pki_authmode`: Specifying the default network driver authentication mode. `x509/name`, `x509/fingerprint`, `anon` is accepted. Default to `x509/name`.
  - `permitted_clients`: List of hostnames, IP addresses, fingerprints(sha1), and wildcard DNS domains which will be allowed by the `logging` server to connect and send logs over TLS. Default to `['*.{{ logging_domain }}']`

>   There are 3 type of items in the remote type - udp, plain tcp and tls tcp. The udp type contains `udp_ports`; the plain tcp type contains `tcp_ports` but no `tls: true`; the tls tcp type contains tcp_ports as well as `tls: true`. Please note that it is not allowed for them to be conflicted. I.e., if there are 2 udp type items, it fails to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  There are 3 types of items in the remote type - udp, plain tcp and tls tcp. The udp type configured using `udp_ports`; the plain tcp type is configured using `tcp_ports` without `tls` or with `tls: false`; the tls tcp type is configured using `tcp_ports` with `tls: true` at the same time. Please note there might be only one instance of each type. I.e., if there are 2 `udp` type items, it fails to deploy.
```

    pki_authmode: x509/name
    permitted_clients: ['*.example.com']
  ```
  Invalid configuration example 1; duplicated udp
  ```
  - name: remote_udp0
    type: remote
    udp_ports: [514]
  - name: remote_udp1
    type: remote

>     tcp_ports: [1514]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    udp_ports: [1514]
```
